Add `packer plugins` command and subcommands to interact with plugins (#11553)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/commands/plugins/required.mdx

---
description: |

>   The "plugins required" command can install a plugin at a version constraint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The "plugins required" command can command lists all plugins required by a Packer configuration template.
```

Author: ```suggestion
  The "plugins required" command lists all plugins required by a Packer configuration template.
```

page_title: plugins Command
---

# `plugins required`

The `plugins required` command lists all plugins required by a Packer config and

> binaries.

Reviewer: What do you mean by binaries?

Author: Good question, it's more: 
```suggestion
all the installed binaries that match the constraint. The first binary 
— also the most recent version — will be  the one picked by Packer in a build.
```

Author: I committed that one, LMK what you think ! :)

---
description: |
  The "plugins required" command lists all plugins required in a Packer configuration.
page_title: plugins Command
---

# `plugins required`

The `plugins required` command lists all plugins required by a Packer config and
all the installed binaries that match the constraint. The first binary 

> — also the most recent version — will be  the one picked by Packer in a build.

Reviewer: Nit: I think we can clarify this a little. What do you think about 👇 
```suggestion
— usually the most recent installed version — will be  the one picked by Packer in a build.
```
